This document describes how you can contribute to Find My Device by Demoody. Please read it carefully.

Table of Contents

How to Contribute to the Project
How to set up your Contributor Environment
How to get your PR Accepted
How to Contribute to the project
There are a couple of ways on how you can contribute to the project:

File issues for missing content or errors. Explain what you think is missing and give a suggestion as to where it could be added.
Create a pull request (PR). This is a direct contribution to the project and may be merged after review. You should ideally create an issue for any PR you would like to submit, as we can first review the merit of the PR and avoid any unnecessary work. This is of course not needed for small modifications such as correcting typos.
Help out financially by donating via OWASP donations.
How to get your PR accepted
Your PR is valuable to us, and to make sure we can integrate it smoothly, we have a few items for you to consider. In short: The minimum requirements for code contributions are:

The code must be compliant with the configured Java Google Formatter, Checkstyle and PMD rules.
All new and changed code should have a corresponding unit and/or integration test.
New and changed lessons must have a corresponding integration test.
Status checks should pass for your last commit.
Additionally, the following guidelines can help:

Keep your pull requests limited to a single issue
Pull requests should be as small/atomic as possible. Large, wide-sweeping changes in a pull request will be rejected, with comments to isolate the specific code in your pull request. Some examples:

If you are making spelling corrections in the docs, don't modify other files.
If you are adding new functions don't 'cleanup' unrelated functions. That cleanup belongs in another pull request.
Write a good commit message
We use Conventional Commits and use the following types:

fix:
feat:
build:
chore:
ci:
docs:
refactor:
test:
Using this style of commits makes it possible to create our release notes automatically.

Explain why you make the changes. More infos about a good commit message.

If you fix an issue with your commit, please close the issue by adding one of the keywords and the issue number to your commit message.

For example: Fix #545 or Closes #10

What not to do
Although we greatly appreciate any and all contributions to the project, there are a few things that you should take into consideration:

The Find My Device by Demoody project should not be used as a platform for advertisement for commercial tools, companies or individuals. Write-ups should be written with free and open-source tools in mind and commercial tools are typically not accepted, unless as a reference in the security tools section.
Unnecessary self-promotion of tools or blog posts is frowned upon. If you have a relation with on of the URLs or tools you are referencing, please state so in the PR so that we can verify that the reference is in line with the rest of the guide.
Please be sure to take a careful look at our Code of Conduct for all the details.
